


Greetings and welcome, ..Let me guess...Striker? ... and .. Swaggins?..
{players can respond}
I don't think I recognize the rest of you? You are ? ... I am Amas, the Ruler and Imam of this little city. 
I sinserelly thank you all for volunteering. if this was under other circumstances I would simply send all my soldiers to 
their lair and whipe out these were jackles, but after that attack they killed more of my soldiers than I'd like to admit plus 
with the duel clips only a day away I would like to keep as many soldiers in the city as possible just in case we have another attack for
what ever reason.... Also, something that no else really knows about yet, among those that have been taking is my only Son, 

not able to have any more children and if I have no eir their is Religios and Politcal president that someone could challange my authority to my throne and our empress could apoint a new ruler of kisbe,

there have been rumors around the small desert tribes that beasts have been kidnapping men and women but no one knows why, 

we killed roughly 80 were jackals, once the attack started other Jackles emerged outside the gates with wagons and horses to load up the prisoners and of course Kisbe's prized possesion, the Gift-of-Un-Ma that they were able to capture, we really don't know how many were taken, 

It has also been brough to my attention that we did recieve a letter about a week ago threatening the city if the gift of unma was not delievered to the outskirts of the kara-kun desert, but for some reason my commanding officers did not see it as a credible threatening


in less that 24hrs the duel clips will be upon us signalling the 1000th aniversary of our freedom, from the kar-akis empire, and our aligance to un-ma, we must get our people back and our treasure, to bring hope back into the city, that jade egg is more than just a valuable treasure, weather you are a believer or not, the presense of that Jewel brings our citizens peace, peace in the idea that even us desert rats who live in the middle of no where are still being smiled upon by the gods, that we have value that this place we have built has value and that even in the harshest of conditions we can  create beauty out of seemingly nothing. 

now you have a few options, when the jackles departed back to where ever they came from, one of my scouts Vaylor followed them with his raven, we hope to hear word from him with in the next couple of hours so I will leave it up to you gentlemen but we can either outfit you know with resources, food, water, potions, supplies, horse, or camels and you can attempt to catch up with Vaylor, you are free to wait for his raven or if you feel like you need more rest after your own fights with the jackles you can leave first thing at dawn


dc check: to recognize anas he walks the streets 

1000 gold per hero for finding jade egg, if you find my son each of you can make any request with in my power

people:



salazar remoray - right hand of council
Juni - Elderly maid
Omar the hammer - commanding officers

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
back from journey, gathered the artifact, told anas about liamie and azmodious, told that there are connections in bedlum and carthage, 
currently speaking with Shaker, Pascal, and Glerb, Worried about the threat to his city posed by this azmodious individual, knows that he is a
wizard of some sort, Motives? Also wants to find his son, knows that Chodeling was the last one seen with him. 
Shaker wants to interview the prisoners in the dungeons of the castle to find out if they saw anything or anyone sucpisious the night before
Believes that chodeling was the one responsible for the killing of the scout with a knife that had been stolen from the kitchen, confirmed it
with the head chef (++name++) that at least a knife was stolen, Chef said he would conduct an inspection of his inventory, 


